### 09

sometimes i wonder if my thoughts are my own.

drowning. sharp angles. blue edges. bzzzzzzz…

space is cold, dark. the distance between stars is vast. subatomic distances have the same sense quiet empty grandeur. galaxies are more social. they cluster together in stringy filaments dangling in the universe.

we’re small by comparison, but not meaningless.

life is a renewable resource, though it requires non renewable resources to sustain it. iron? sure there’s always some of it getting made out there, but even then we don’t get much out of the deal. and iron is a useful element to have around, especially if you want red blood like the rest of those mammalian human folks. they tend to clump together too.

and we’re not the only life out here.

conjecture: civilizations are sparse. their clumps are far apart and suffer all sorts of barriers to easily spotting or contacting each other. we’re at the beginning of our period of interstellar expansion. eventually we’re going to bump into someone else.

at first there will probably be fighting. while that’s going on, each respective population grows to fill in more of those vast empty interstellar distances. some sort of equilibrium is eventually reached, the lines on the map become generally predictable.

intergalactic peace at last. mostly.

what are we looking at? i figure another 10,000 years at least. it’s been about that long since we started banging more than just rocks and each other. more of that useful iron stuff helped. of course there have been some snags along the way, millennia lost here and there, but generally we seem to be keeping a good pace.

what will that future place look like?

i imagine communication between stars, between galaxies would be necessary. maybe at that point they’re all the same. you could probably cross vast distances very quickly. what sort of society would wield that power? are they technological, religious? do they have genders, sexes, races, ethnicities, languages? are they past all that and living in perfect cloned harmony and we just drift on cosmic breezes like motes of dust?

i’m glad i won’t live to see it. whoever’s around ten thousand or a hundred thousand years from now will still need detectives for something. i do not want to mess with their problems.

problems.

drowning.

sharp blue edges. running along the fence, don’t set off the mines. the roadways are safe, they move vehicles and supplies through here.

run. run faster. push air, breathe legs push ground hard crack twist catch wheeze burn slick wet spasm heave grind crunch.

entrance. empty parking lot. rectangular shape, dark. forest beyond. dirt road, slight hill. one vehicle, old blocky style. single male driver. drives through parking lot, to gate. one guard, also single male. waves through. gate remains open. guard goes back in hut, out of sight.

break for it. past entrance, roaring crashing snapping sounds, amazing if they’re not heard. no immediate sounds of pursuit.

the road.

left, right. equally meaningful, equally pointless. impossible to choose. pursuit. they will come, if not now then later and always.

direction chosen. now going. was it correct? may never know, may know immediately. now run.

run run run.

shelter. from eyes, from weather. water. clean, cold touch, drip dry, shiver. dark closing in. the road is close but not too close, traffic mostly light. couple hours ago some commotion, lots of engines, some amplified voice too distorted, maybe too distant.

are they after me yet? probably.

drowning. silver bubbles, clumped in undulating columns. death comes slower. spluttering, coughing, never quite breathing, never quite suffocating.

until the end. morning light, blue gray vague tint of warmth at the horizon, none in ground. frozen? no.

go. keep going. empty house. white, old style revival architecture, alone in a field surrounded by forest. quiet sad mailbox rusting into oblivion. occupants of the house are away for a day or week, signs of recent use. a device has been left charging, this model takes about 2 hours to fill after a complete discharge. 82% now. they really could be home at any time.

time. time to take a chance. some supplies, attire. in and out in just over no time. 100% charge, ok. debate leaving a note. what’s appropriate? a simple thanks. no, nothing. leaving now.

back across the field, back into the forest. are they following me yet? probably. but it doesn’t matter, they’re not here now.

drowning…

waking…

drowning…

there must be…