# 48

soft beautiful clear-eyed children. at the beginning of their days. someone said beauty is nothing more than the descriptor we use for fruit, flowers. something to be consumed, something that will decay. calling someone beautiful is no more meaningful than calling a bowl of fruit beautiful. it is no more empowering than a blossom on a tree. and so it is with the beauty of children. someone else said not to mourn the loss of flowers, that a fallen bloom is just the start of a fruit. a progression. one person was talking about alive or death. of exploitation of beauty. the other was talking about life in cycles, in trees. beauty is in scattering clouds in the momentary convocation of light at the sunset or the dawn. beauty is everywhere in the ephemeral. when something endures, then is it still beautiful? can the old be as beautiful as the young? is beauty a perspective of the beholder or is it grander, present everywhere? is it even necessary for beauty to be observed for it to exist? the hills and valleys of lifeless worlds far from here, places i can never see. i know them to be beautiful. but that too is ephemeral. i know those worlds will all someday end, and the beauty they have now will be gone. replaced by whatever beauty they have in death. supernovae or bones. like the tree played forward, after years of flowering and fruiting, it dries and becomes fodder for the next generation. in its burned out center, seedlings begin to sprout. at least one of them will carry on the great tradition on that very spot. so maybe appreciation for beauty is just appreciation of death, that all things pass. a love, an adoration of life, that which has not been and will not be, but now is. 