# 47

they built their first village down by the river in the valley. mountains looked down at them from all sides. the river wound lazily through the valley, its ancient motions written in smooth land rich for cultivation. it was good land for many centuries before it turned and wiped out the entire village. before that, there were years of peace, some little disagreements that turned bloody. births and deaths mostly, festivals of planting and harvest. in the days the village rang with the sound of work, at night, after the singing died down, the village slumbered like a well fed child. their leaders made great proclamations that went unfinished, their elders made decrease that frustrated their young. they lived as so many have lived. a simple life.

now the village is gone, the valley is dust, the people forgotten. some ancient walls of stone still stand, marking where some important buildings stood. storehouses and gathering places. the market. the potter. a restaurant or a tavern. there’s ash, soot, a blackening of the bones. did the village burn one final time, in an accident or an attack? some remains were found of the villagers, a place of corpses stored in respectful poses, surrounded by gifts and mementos, little carvings and bottles and jewelry, ornamental dishes, cups, clothing. not many. not enough to know much of anything about them. so long gone now. to live for centuries, to be dead for longer now. to be so changed, but even in dust, the valley still remembers the village and holds them safe.