### 01

they call me the detective.

that's not a name i would have chosen for myself. it was foisted on me, not by adulant masses but by one thoughtless soul in a single offhanded interaction. of course it stuck. now i use it to describe myself merely for the sake of brevity. no one would know who i am otherwise.

if i am to be called "detective" i must go rooting around in that word to understand what i am to people. there's a verb in there, \<i\>detect\</i\>. i guess in that way we're all detectives.

what then do i detect?

today i detect cold snowy wind, heavy mist rolling in between patches of sun. soon the streets will be overtaken by the weight of the weather. travelers clutch their jackets to themselves against the chill. tires wheeze against ragged asphalt. delivery guys are out delivering. boys' pants hang loosely against their butts as they walk, girls' pants clutch their curves tightly.

street people keep their eyes averted, pink faced businessmen one-up each other boisterously, a small woman scrapes up her big dog's shit with a plastic bag. she too averts her gaze.

being invisible is useful to a detective.

i don't wear a single identity. the street people instructed me in  their powers of invisibility. i wield them in my own way. often my tutors are invisible because \<i\>others\</i\> wish them to be invisible. that makes them stand out all the more to any who pay attention.

the middle and upper classes have their own standards. anyone failing to adhere becomes deviant, a frightening miscreant to be ignored or ground underfoot. so to be truly invisible in any urban center one must gather aspects from above and below; become a mean, median, average, lowest common denominator.

from that position, observation – detection – becomes vastly easier. adopting a friendly manner, gently guiding conversation without threatening, saying little. the few who notice me will forget soon enough. they will make up their own stories. mystery is a dangerous mistress to court, but left unsolved she tends to vanish. i use her power carefully.

if i am a detective, i guess that makes this a detective story.

like many detective stories, this one begins between cases. or perhaps in the midst of a case yet to be recognized. nevertheless, like all those detectives you probably know about, i am bored without a problem to solve. all my powers of detection distracted by females passing by, observing in frustrated exultation.

tall, asian or native american, early 20s, brown leather boots, gray stockings, the edge of a green-cream-brown print dress flapping under a long tan wool coat, warm tinted dark hair piled high, black glasses. she steps into a corner coffee shop, emerges moments later, disappears past rows of floor to ceiling glass windows. i know she works at the shop. no, i won't spin an elaborate yarn of deductions. when i last visited that shop she took my money in exchange for a watery burnt americano.

looking away i focus on something, anything else. ripples in a greasy puddle. it provides the necessary information to deduce current meteorological conditions. temperature, wind speed, barometric pressure, precipitation. i'm distracted by thoughts of the underlying slope of the asphalt, the age of the pavement, summers and winters spelled out in the cracks like an open book.

a clean cut young couple, slender in blondes and blues and grays, passes a couple in plaid and corduroy with dyed hair and piercings. i feel a hint of affection for the latter, a waft of hostility to the former. a good detective must be aware of his predispositions.

these thoughts distract me from the task at hand.

no, i didn't lie about not having a case. i do not, nor have i had one for some time. it's been so long i don't even remember my last case. upon its completion, successful or otherwise, i slid slowly into obscurity and mediocrity. now i walk these streets, familiar but distant, looking for something lost.

i have no information about this thing. no dimensions, appearance, origin, age, purpose. i merely know it is missing. absent compelling evidence i can only adhere to the template provided by the great detectives who've gone before me.

i'm playing a hunch and following my gut.

...