#69

sometimes it doesn’t go like you thought it would. you don’t meet who you thought you’d meet. events make up worse and better than you could ever imagine. what happens around you isn’t constrained by your own reality. you can ignore the differences, fight against them, but they still exist and always have the potential to surprise. someone called it our reality tunnel, what we build around ourselves, the cage we make and lock from the inside. what we could escape if we wanted but we don’t want. sometimes that just gets taken away. these times we use words like tragedy. miracle. the tunnel collapses. the cage is broken. flood waters rise, beautiful people embrace us. from far away and right here. then we set to work building new tunnels and cages. sorting what we call real into what we call its proper place. the smarter ones make their own, the stupid ones use someone else’s. i’m not sure what’s worse. and then something else comes and we begin again. building a new city on the ruins of the old. reuse, repurpose, reassert. evolution. iteration. makes perversions from beauty and back again. who knows what will break tomorrow, what we’ll build. not you. not me. the miraculous tragedy.

sixty years after the hour of reckoning. few now live who remember those early days. the young ones don’t care. they live in their world, not the new world, just the world. they have no use to listening to the old ones when they talk about how things were. after the reckoning those things ceased to matter. who cares if there are lessons to be learned, history that doesn’t bear repeating? they will repeat what they repeat, they will learn what they will learn. the new world doesn’t look like the old one any more. the old maps are gone, useless anyway. the children have to make their own map, write their own programming. even the old ones are children now. that was the reckoning, really, when anyone stops to ask about it. it made all of us into babies. reborn. reborn in blood and shit and fire, just like we died and will be reborn again and again. all over this cosmos, it’s the same story among the kin of stars. 