#77

most deception can be plainly seen. it is only through misdirection that it is obscured. once someone i thought a friend came to me with a plan, a proposal. he invited me to a fine place, a resort with drinks and beautiful views and swimming in clear waters. easy to relax, easy for him to make a deal. we swam and drank and laid around all day in the company of beautiful people. then he  left a map. his proposal. we’d talk about it in the morning, he said. we weren’t tired. we looked at his map, his plan. a rich land, country with valuable resources. he proposed a massive mineral extraction facility, stretching down a vast swatch of the hinterlands, financed by wealthy but silent investors. what an opportunity! but his map revealed the deception. the land was ruled by two warlords, brothers, sons of the last strongman. they had been generals in his army. now they waged a lifelong bitter struggle for domination. one brother had taken the hill country, mountainous, unassailable. the other claimed the coast and its cities, vital trade and commerce. the production land between them, full of farms and rivers, was exactly the land chosen for exploitation in his plan. was my friend stupid or naive? this enterprise would be subject to both these petty squabbling leaders, ripe for extortion or attack or worse. what would happen if people started disappearing, kidnapped for leverage? what would happen if one side or the other demanded protection money? would we bring in enough security to hold an entire valley? enough to occupy a country? who would the investors blame when it all went wrong? no one stays silent when they lose that much investment. it was a grotesque plan. strip the land, poison the water, throw fuel on a fire that could become a certainty of civil war. was my friend stupid? no. he knew there was an opportunity to amass a great fortune for himself. and i would be the scapegoat. when it all went wrong, and it would, i would be positioned in front of him to safely take the dangers of angry investors. he would probably disappear with the money, rich and unconcerned by so much destruction. the next day he came to me in great upset, saying he’d given me an old version of his plans with details that were wrong and since fixed. we didn’t listen. i left. he never contacted me again. but i know there was never an extraction facility built. the brothers are still at it for all i know. their deception is theirs alone. 