# 178

we’ll walk forever.
until we find
what we’re looking for,
or die in the attempt.

## first section

introduce the cast in chronological order:

1. the old city, some days before the hour of reckoning. morning, a train pulls into the station. the creator makes a cameo, squished between two people on the subway, reading a book.
2. the void. the one with no name plugs in to her ship’s mind and cruises in the deep. her body is beginning to fail. she falls asleep plugged in. she and the mind dream together.
3. space. the delivery driver goes about his work. mostly the ship does the job, he just keeps an eye on things. they pass through a hot system. the ship is attacked. it goes down.
4. the middle city. the detective has a meeting for her second job, the one she does after hours. she assigns an assistant to her client. on her way home she gets a call that something big has happened.
5. the wanderer arrives at the young city. boats at the docks. walks to the temple, looking for a free place to sleep. the priest needs something for the upcoming festival.

## timeline

1.
- the maker begins the seed program.
- the glory of creation.
- outline of technology.
- an idea, vague visualization.
- the hour of reckoning.
- the bomb, the gun, the feather.
- devise the plan for the mother.
- create her mission.
- set out for the stars on the first steps.
- the idea of the mother gathers dust on the shelf.

2.
- plugged in.
- running from debts.
- dying.
- the mind makes its first mistake.
- takes her back to the corporation.
- they take her ship, her body, her mind.
- the ship mind saves her as she had saved it.
- keeps a backup stashed deep where corp will never find it.
- goes into what becomes the mother.

3.
- the crash.
- walking in the infinite desolation of the gray world.
- finds the wreck, goes looking for a settlement, finds the archives.
- the garden.
- the delivery guy becomes the custodian, god kin.
- really he died but the mother took him with her. (nope, not in this version. the gray world is a real place. -ed)

4.
- the detective investigates insurance, liability.
- just her day job.
- arranges contestants for the fights at night.
- clones, helpers in simulated games.
- works with an avatar of the mother and the custodian.
- finds out who they all really are.
- the city will be gone soon.

5.
- questing some aimless quest.
- following a yearning.
- something leads the wanderer forward.
- to the young city.
- to the valleys.
- searching for a legend there, the one they based their religion on.
- things are going wrong.
- they won’t be able to stay forever.
- finds the ancient archive, the custodian.
- receives the mother’s final message.

