# 136

### Checking in $



checking in $











checks the exit, tosses a little smile and wave to Steve, steps into the rain. it doesn't touch her of course, she wears a halo over her entire body, maybe the width of a finger. she looks a little puffed and misty. but, you know, dry. repL: always dry (TM). her heels drum an easy staccato as she crosses the sidewalk in front of Steve's, checks the street. distant traffic, turning off into an intermediate thoroughfare. she moves smoothly across the dark pavement, up the wide entrance, into the vehicle dealership.

she walks past a few models of ground transport, eyes the tires on one blue model before stepping over to an almost identical model in yellow next to it. she waves her hand over the door handle on the driver's side. the car springs to life. she opens the door, gets inside. the windows are polarized, completely opaque. after a minute the opacity drops to maybe 50%. she's just a silhouette with vague features. she backs out of the parking space, pauses at the entrance, turns left and quietly accelerates away. inside the car the woman opens a voice connection.

All clear, Noma, she says.

Hi, Stacy, a young upbeat sounding female voice says. No trouble?

No, says Stacy. You know, he likes to show me how big his dick is. 

How was it tonight?

Eww, honestly. I didn't enjoy myself.

I'm sure you let him know.

Oh yeah, he knows it. Listen, when he loads up, go keep an eye on him for a couple hours. Make sure he doesn't kill himself in the first ten rounds like he did last time.

Oh god is it the jungle again? You didn't.

You bet I did. It's the only map he's ever been any good at. He begged and begged me, put me on a hard map, I'm good enough for it, what did it get him? I patted him on the head and reminded him that we only had 35 walking in. No, he does the jungle until I say different.

Got it.

Ok, tell me what's going on there.

All's quiet mostly, Noma says. her chair squeaks noisily as she shifts, rolling against a desk. there's some clicking. Yeah, she continues, nothing crazy. 52 in, 2 open. Pretty steady all night. Oh, and your mom called.

Not again.

Again. She really wants you in NYC this year. She said something about calling Meagan in the morning.

Mom, why...? She always does this to me.

Well yeah, what do you expect?

Fine, ok. Anything else?

Nada.

Ok. Have a good night, Noma. Call me if you need anything.

Night, Stace.

Stacy kills the link, drums her fingers on the steering wheel, tugs off some dealership branded adhesive film protecting shiny surfaces inside the vehicle. lights flash by on the highway outside. easy night traffic passes occasionally. mostly Stacy lets the driving AI do the work until she reaches a side street close to her destination. she toggles to full manual, sliding between two dense columns of parked cars. tall dark walls of urban canyon rise just beyond. she comes to a parking garage, pulls in.

the attendant bot pushes Stacy a ticket and asks if she wants a printed copy. Stacy declines. she steps away from the car as the attendant slides away. the car disappears into a deep subterranean stack of other vehicles. she leaves through the pedestrian exit, touches the sidewalk for a moment. the rain's stopped. she clicks down the sidewalk away from the garage back the way she came. she keeps an eye on the cars, catches on a little boxy old model in green. 

Stacy uses a mechanical key to open the car's passenger door, throws in her bag. she shuts the door, walks to the driver's side, again pauses to unlock before opening. she gets in the car, starts the engine with a mechanical crescendo. she flicks on headlights, shifts into reverse, backs up, stops, shifts again, pulls out from the curb, and revs away.








11.



Stacy sips her booze, looks out her window. textured night time. morning time? nothing different from one minute ago, or five, or ten. she holds the alcohol against her palate, lets it burn. ethanol vapors tingle in her throat when she finally swallows, a blast of sweet carcinogenic melancholy in her throat. she runs her tongue over the mildly dehydrated flesh. she swallows again, reflex.

her workout getup is dark, tight, still slightly damp, chilly from evaporation. the booze makes it harder to breathe, her blood balks at the loss of oxygen. she blinks back one or two tears... frustration or exhaustion. she downs the last of her glass, underestimates the amount. not a good burn going down. she grabs the bottle, pours another. she tries very hard to think about nothing at all. the booze makes that so much easier.

What would you do? asks the empty air.

it doesn't respond.

she laughs, a quick humorless exhalation. she stands a little unsteadily, holds the back of her chair a little too hard, grabs the bottle, makes for the sofa. she sinks in, closes her eyes, takes a deep breath.

Virge was himself today.

the usual place filling up with tired suits loosening ties and buying rounds, Virge sitting easily in the usual booth, arms wide, gray suit open, white shirt, narrow frame, fashionably wild gray hair, classy caramel booze in a sparkling glass. like a spread in a mag.

he raises the glass to Stacy when she walks in, she sits down across from him, pretends to study the menu. 

What's good here? she asks.

Ha! The usual. How are you?

Stacy rummages in her bag, gives up. Hmm? Oh you know, Meagan put me on vacation. I wasn't planning anything, but forces greater than myself intervened.

Hey, sounds like a good idea, Virge says cheerfully. he tosses back the last of his glass, signals for more.

You could use some time off, he says.

Seriously, why with the fucking... Stacy says to her bag.

I'm sorry? 

No, nothing. You get all the docs taken care of?

Don't you worry about that. You're on vacation, remember?

the tall kid with white shirt, black pants, and tray comes with two new glasses. he deposits them, takes away Virge's old glass.

Would either of you like anything else? he asks. He gives Stacy a high contrast smile.

No I'm good thanks, she says. he goes away.

Virge clinks his glass against hers, still on the table. To vacation! he says, takes a glug. Stacy goes for a sip, usual cheap swill Virge always drinks.

Ok, here's what we got. Been some drama in the department. Gonna be one unhappy camper in management come next week. You know new boss is gonna want to mod the book.

Stacy rolls her eyes at Virge. New boss? How many is it this year?

What, three? Yeah. But like I said, don't fret. Your dispo is solid, probably won't ever have to meet the guy. You know, just politics.

Stacy drinks to empty air. she draws out the moment to avoid listening to more Virge.

So, she says, that sounds great. But why do I feel like you're about to fire me?

Hey don't go worrying about a thing like that, Stacy, Virge says. He leans forward to emphasize his point. That's not it, he says. What I'm sayin is, if you want to mod the book now's the time.

Why would I want that?

Look you been working this place what, nine, ten Cs now? You got enough dirt for any number of minor violations. They add up, that's what I'm sayin. You gotta start turning those in. I get it, you know these people, you might overlook small stuff. We're safe from the first round, but we ain't safe from the new boss.

Meaning what exactly? Stacy asks after another long drink. I do _not_ overlook minor violations. I follow my charter. Whoever this new boss will be, he won't see any problems. You know that. I thought you said I'd probably never meet the guy. What else?

Virge finishes his glass, again calls for another. Stacy declines. When the kid goes away again Virge leans in close.

I know what these people mean to you. It's a tough spot to be in.

Ok Virge, you gave me this talk at my interview. You know I have no problems with the job. I know what I do. What are you really saying?

Virge doesn't drink or talk for a minute, just swirls his booze. Stacy takes a breath, updates her perceptions. the place is really packed now, getting loud. soon all the sweaty business school frat house seniors will pack in. Stacy starts preparing her exit. finally Virge leans in close again.

Look, it's those U guys. Word is they're pulling their contracts at the end of the year. We lose them to INV or Clayton Smith... 

Wait, why would they do that?

Hey Stace, what can I say? They think we're not competitive. There's your charter. I say cash out now, get some more time for yourself. It's gonna get messy, they'll want to spread blame around. Kick up your numbers, slide out clean. And you still get get to keep your other job.

Sorry, I'm not buying it, Stacy thinks. she says, Alright Virge I'll think about it. Look it was great seeing you again, but I need to be getting home.

Virge grabs Stacy's hand, fixes her with a beatific stare. Think about it, right? You're the best I have. I just want to see you do what's best for you. Think about it when you're on vacation. Tell me when you get back.

Ok Virgil, Stacy says. Don't you stay out too late now. she pats his hand, nods into his practiced earnest eyes until he lets go. 

out, sweet polluted miserable air, infinitely preferable to sweaty sigma whatever frat boys. Stacy catches the next train just as it rolls up, makes it home in record time. she strips off her shoes at the door, makes for her closet a little unsteadily down the hall. she comes back in her fitness getup, rummages in her bag, fishes out a screen. one forwarded push, text, anonymous, encrypted.

/
/ S it's N
/ Cashed in some sick time, in S12 with that guy we know. He almost got himself killed first round, had to do something. Don't worry, it's a preloaded hardcore temp account, no breadcrumbs. Just a player. I'll get him out. Good for everyone.
/ 
/ Have a GREAT TIME on VK!
/ xx\<3n
/

Stacy deletes the message immediately, does a hard disconnect. she doesn't have the emotional space to unpack the bullshit Noma just dropped her into right now. she grabs out her fitness stack, loads up. before she starts she checks the corner cabinet just outside her kitchen. plenty of drinks, chilled to perfection.

alright, she thinks. let's forget all of this.


