# 141

### The commission. $


the commission  $












6.



Stacy rolls her chunky green contraption into a small garage nestled in among some shrubs. she holds her door open while grabbing her stuff. she exits the garage, hits a button on her keychain. the garage door closes. she surveys the driveway, a short distance down to the gate. high fences don't keep out the little bit of street light leaking through the trees. good noise level for this time of night.

inside, dropping her bag and her keys and her sunglasses in the right places, changing into sweats. she thinks about showering, settles for washing her face. hiding in a towel for a few precious seconds, sitting down at the kitchen table with her notes. she brews tea, settles in to write her reports... all ten of them.

three or four in the morning, after another pot of tea and several bathroom breaks, Stacy pushes away the last document. routine formulaic bureaucratic dark matter, binding her universe together.  she leans back in the chair, closes her eyes. Lost in the jungle, she thinks. she forces her eyes open, searches the room blankly. Whatever. she goes to sleep.

after not long enough, she gets hit with her alarm. ugh. morning things, showering, impatiently negotiating with hair resentful after getting ignored the night before. coffee, breakfast, news. cosmetics, meditation on mortality, more coffee. dressing, gray today. again the sunglasses, keys, bag. outside, house security rearmed, door locked. she walks past the garage out the side gate, down the sidewalk in the quiet secluded neighborhood of other similar houses.

other neatly dressed people are also emerging from their houses, walking in the same direction. Stacy falls in with a neighbor towing crates of legal documents. they exchange some small words. all the suits converge at a small ring of shops, descend stairs to an underground train station. Next Train 8 min, says the sign. Late +3 min. Stacy makes a face at the sign. it updates to say Next Train 12 min, Late +7min. she rolls her eyes, turning away. more people come. everyone stands around. the train finally arrives, already loaded beyond normal. Stacy packs in with everyone, holding her bag close.

the ride takes longer than usual, in hot morning stink of humans excreting too many artificial scents. Stacy almost forgets her stop, gets off just ahead of the heavy squeezing doors. shuffle picked this station but it's not too far from the office. she heads over to a coffee stand over by the exit, stands in line, orders something small and powerful, pauses for a long drink. she gets out her reports from last night, checks everything's filled in, grabs a nearby data connection, squirts them to their destinations. holding down three buttons on the device, she counts out a long ten seconds. the screen goes blank, then resets with the maker's brand and a loading indicator. she drops it back in her bag, making for the exit.

takes a little longer to get to the office than usual, but it beats the train car. finally she arrives at the front doors. just inside the vacant security guard looks in her eyes when she removes her sunglasses, nods after she checks in. to the elevator,  only a couple other people. not coworkers. she's late. the door closes, Stacy straightens her clothes, takes a hit on the coffee, inhales a little breath. Ok, she thinks. Game face.





8.



Stacy dodges into her office without anyone noticing. the cubicles over on her side are empty this week. she leaves the door open, sets up quickly, logs in with a wave, looks at all the notes on her calendar as little as possible. 

Stacy, says a voice. 

Stacy looks up. Oh hi, Meagan, she says. The other woman is taller, older, thicker, tanned, commanding a light pink suit. What's up?

Looking for the monthlies by end of business today, says Meagan. 

You mean at 2:30 when you head out on the clock for a late lunch that you never seem to come back from? thinks Stacy. Got it covered, she says. Anything else?

Meagan steps all the way into the office, closing the door. Well, she says. You have some vacation time that isn't going to roll over. After you send me the docs this afternoon I want you to bounce. Don't worry about your calendar, I'll take care of it.

My mom talked to you? Stacy asks.

Meagan just winks. Not like some time off is gonna hurt you, she says. the city is nice this time of year. you can hop off to anywhere, grab the E and hit that place you were talking about last week.

Stacy looks at Meagan with a look of adolescent hostility. Fine, she says. They both smile at each other.

Well then, says Meagan, I'll leave you to it. Toodleoo!

Take care, says Stacy. After Meagan is gone, leaving the door open behind her, Stacy rolls her eyes and returns to her display.

the monthlies take a few hours to crank out. longer than those from last night. more numbers, for one. she digs through hundreds of documents, grabbing some stats here or synopses there. eventually the fragmented monster begins to take shape into something coherent. she finishes spelling out her conclusions just as everyone else is getting back from lunch. Stacy gives the reports a final proofing and shuffles them on up the line.

she grabs her bag, packs up some loose stuff from her desk, locks her display. closing the door behind her, she heads deeper into the building, toward a bright open space. she catches a bit of Meagan's pink through blinds, walks over to the window and taps. Meagan looks up from a call, gives Stacy two thumbs up. Stacy gives one back in return and gets to the nearest exit.

once to the stairs, Stacy makes her way down a few floors. she doesn't see anyone, even when she opens the door to the hall. dark as usual, with strips of light marking all the edges of every surface, every detail. the lights respond to local variations in temperature, sound, humidity. they pick up on Stacy immediately, sending a yellow pulse down the hall and around a corner. she follows the yellow to a door, opens it. 

an office, probably just as expansive as the cubeverse above, but the lighting makes for a totally different mood. a few hundred people work at different stations, staged in organic looking clusters. light strips hang from desks like arteries or tendons. _neuron_ is the word Stacy thinks about as she walks over to a workstation one corner, radiating out an impressive number of filaments. a slight, wiry young woman with an uncontrolled mass of hair pulled back and flashing glasses looks up. blue light glints on her dark skin. She says something hushed into a headset before rolling it back away from her ears.

Hey, Stacy! How's it going? Sorry I can't get up right now, tracking this thing going off over in V57.

That's fine, says Stacy. She walks over to sit on the edge of Noma's desk, peeking into her numerous displays.

Meagan's making me take some time off.

Noma laughs loud and genuine happiness. Of course she is! It won't hurt you to take a few days off anyway.

Why does everyone keep saying that?

Because it's true, of course. Hey listen, I gotta talk to these kids. Have a wonderful time! Talk to me before you leave.

Stacy stands up, doesn't get a step away before Noma taps on her back. Noma's clenching her mute button with her hand over her mic for extra effect.

There is one more thing. I'll text you.



