# 143

### He dies quick. $











the jungle starts as nothing, then a single bird's call. an insect joins, humidity presses in. thick, fat odors of wet foliage, decomposing organic matter. lots of birds and insects now. the sky is close and milky, just beyond the loose tree canopy above. mist levitates everywhere. bigger animals are making themselves heard now, rustling in the branches, calling something loud and insulting. 

the guy takes a deep breath in his avatar, looks around slowly. his UI comes up, pushing him with news and updates and sales. he pushes them all aside, gets out an area map. on the southeastern edge of the valley right now, need to head west northwest toward the cone of the volcano. should still have a shortcut from the overlook to the west ridge. be there in 20. he closes the map, pulls out a timer until the next start. 38 minutes. got here just in time. 

he checks his backpack, running over all his gear. everything looks in good shape. he tests the familiar weight of his Squeaky Keen Machete (diamond, +50% critical chance, bleeding 2) and Ranger's Iron 45 (gold, uses 45mm ammo, ignores target DR, +300% draw speed, 5% chance to intimidate). closing his backpack, holstering the 45, setting a marker for the overlook shortcut... good to go. he sets off down a steamy trail. pushing through dense undergrowth, scrabbling up loose steep inclines, eventually leading to a perilous access road winding in packed switchbacks up to the outlook. it's close...

when the faint buzzing sound reaches him he knows he's got the spot. just over a ridge encrusted with undulating lichen, a heavy looking white tripod anchoring an smooth tube arch and a black tangled box of equipment. the air under the arch shimmers with a faint violet halo encircling a space like a bending hall of mirrors. without hesitating the guy jumps into the disc. then the forest is different and he's next to an identical device. he checks his map again, updates the marker. five more minutes. 23 before the party.

that's when they set it off. no one says the server timer has to mean anything. the guy gets caught off guard for just a minute but pushing past the first rumble, the first distant crashing sound signaling the start of something big and scary. he digs out the nearby player overlay for his map. most are scrambling to the armory in the southwest. it'll get messy down there. a few people are close, headed different directions. no, there's one, heading straight for the cache. just have to get there first.

getting to the cache takes a little longer on account of all the spooked wildlife. they snap and growl and spook easy with a couple  shots or fall to the opalescent machete, but still it takes time. the red dot on the map reaches the faint triangle of the cache, then both disappear. running into the small clearing, he sees the empty  high visibility crates. no time to track the guy who took the loot, need to get to the hangar.

doesn't matter of course. the apocalypse waits for no one. to the east, an immense flash on the horizon. a slow low growl deep in the dirt growing and expanding and exploding as it comes closer. the ground drops before fiercely snapping back into shape. the guy sees the sky, silhouettes of skinny columns spiked with small branches. flames lick at the dry tips of the branches. the side of one tree ripples with orange heat. a little fire curls off the main body, rustling in loose dead leaves and needles. he can't move as the flames wash over him. the sky goes away.



9.



no feeling, thinks the guy. they cut that first thing. no hearing either, same deal. no, maybe an echoing buzzing ringing. like a bomb went off. oh yeah, the bombs. the guy doesn't remember the command to open his eyes so he waits in darkness. a hint of smell, something scorched. yeah, that makes sense. what else? a scraping, dragging sound. like a body getting lugged across a concrete floor. a meaty thud, shifting rustling fabric.

the guy sees a little, a slight expansion of values in the blackness. some outlines, big light shape framed by little dark shapes. one dark shape moving around. a bit of red filters into the monochrome. a slow ache growing from his back to his limbs. the moving shape comes close, he tries to move away but doesn't get very far. some uneven vibrations, is someone talking?

Stay there, he thinks he hears. Don't try to move. Slapped a pack on you, takes a while to do its thing. 

not too much later the guy can see better. all his senses return. the red disappears, regular colors in its place. he gets a better look at his rescuer. a tall hot blonde amazonian kinda chick. nice curves, high level light armor. a rifle across her back shimmers with a faint iridescence. they're in a big warehouse looking building, stripped of most everything useful. she's tinkering with a vehicle. the guy stands up, drags himself over to her.

What is this place? he asks. Never seen it.

Amazon doesn't look up to respond. You wouldn't have, she says. You never read the guides.

Says who?

This time she looks up, for just a second. Her green eyes flash the same as her gun. You dumb prick, she says. It leaked on the feeds two days ago they were gonna be starting rounds early. You hadn't been sprawled on your drunk ass maybe you woulda known.

Hey, you saved me remember? the guy says, wringing out his indignation. Coulda just left me out by the spawn.

Amazon doesn't respond. she keeps working.

the guy gets bored after a while and explores the warehouse. one section, floor to ceiling shelves, total wreck. back room, shit everywhere. paper and some old style rig. looks out the window, asphalt into hot gray smoky fog. big flakes of ash rain down, sticking to everything. all the doors welded shut. he heads down some stairs to a sublevel. same deal, mess. mess and pipes. nothing here.

ambling back to the front part of the warehouse, the open space with the big doors, he sees Amazon is on the other side of the vehicle. she's got it running now. it's ground only, four fat wheels with a flat bed and some kind of loading arm. room for two and a lot of nothing. it makes a nasty arhythmic noise. she yells some special words at the vehicle, battering it with a tool. the noise returns to normal. she stands up, wipes sweat from her forehead, walks to her equipment, packs up.

We getting outta here? asks the guy.

Amazon fixes him on her glare. We? she says. We? Yeah, we're gettin outta here. No thanks to you, prick. I should just leave you.

Why don't you?

Because, she says, it's my job. Your dumb ass couldn't get past the first round without burning. Obviously someone needs to hold your hand. 

That's not your job, he says. That's not anyone's job.

again she just skewers him with a look. You coming or not?

Fine, whatever.

they pile everything useful into the vehicle, then themselves. the guy sits with his arms resting on a backpack, looking pointedly out the passenger side window. Amazon whatshername twinks with the controls, then revs the engine. she turns the vehicle around so it's facing the big doors, guns the engine hard. the tires screech madly against the slick cement, gain purchase. they lurch forward, crashing through the doors and out into the soupy mess outside. Amazon careens away, down a narrow service road.

Alright, she says. I'm already tired of babysitting your sorry ass.


12.



the guy watches Amazon's ass while she crawls to the ridge, sets up with her scary iridescent sniper rifle. he maybe notices the view down into a valley, suburban houses clumped around the teats of cul-de-sacs, little clusters of convenience stores, rising into low office buildings, apartment blocks, towering spires of... skeletons mostly. the air has cleared, just a little. the wind shifted the smoke and ash away from here at least.

he surveys the wreckage of the city, pockmarked with three or four massive craters encompassing at least 10 blocks each. fires radiate from each, ugly black fires belching smoke, turning the sun a creamy hot crimson. the financial district is missing all its glass. a few sirens waft up to them on the hill, anemic tiny pathetic red flashing dots in their futile effort to respond. the bombs were a couple days ago now. from now on when they're digging through the rubble, they're not expecting a pulse.

Get down! Amazon hisses.

What? the guy gets down.

Don't you see that team down there?

Who?

Fuck, look at your map. 

the guy checks his map. a little lump of red, just down in one of the nearby fuel stations. he pulls out his zoom, checks the spot. three-four of them, furtively filling up a vehicle. looks like a small makeshift APC, a delivery van obviously hardened somehow. an evil looking blade is stuck on the front. couple brutish guys in body armer, one slender guy with a black leather jacket and a mean electric blue aura. a woman, heavier than the lean guy, carrying some absurdly large gun. she's talking to one of the big guys, little guy is having some kind of argument with the one working on the APC. there's a fifth one now, coming out the back. loading up the woman's weapon, setting up a turret on the top. 

What's the big deal? he asks.

Broadcasting our presence is a big deal, Amazon says. she watches the crew attentively from her rifle, doesn't talk.

with a crack, she lets off a single round. the guy jumps. 

Jeezu--

she shuts him up with another round. he looks back toward the station, just in time to see flame burst from the side of the truck. one of the big guys is on fire on the ground, his middle carved out in a neat crater. the woman wheels around with her gun, some kind of explosive launcher. Amazon shuts her up too. the APC bursts apart in a hot yellow cloud of expanding flames. Amazon reloads.

What about broadcasting our presence?

Shhh...

Amazon tracks an invisible target to the right, up a near ridge. she picks up the rifle, keeps tracking, finally pointing right at the guy.

Hey what are yo--

Move!

the guy moves. the instant he pulls his head aside Amazon lets off a round. he feels the hot gasses on his ear, swears he could feel the superpowered bullet burn past. it travels just beyond before hitting something soft. the guy feels the back of his head splattered with warm wet. he looks back to see a headless black leather jacket fall forward into the grass.

Good shot, he says.

Thanks, Amazon says. She reloads.

the guy checks leather jacket, comes up empty. the jacket's nothing special, no other weapons. at least, the kind you can pick up.

So little miss broadcast, what's your plan now?

Amazon gives him a look as she shoulders her rifle. she spreads out a large map in front of him. 

The Architect will be somewhere in the heart of the city. Five days after the bombs he hits the evac so we have three days. Plenty of time.

The who?

What?

The Architect?

Seriously, do you read any of the docs?

I don't like spoilers.

Oh god. This is your fucking job, it's not just a game. Ok, the only way to win is to kill The Architect and commandeer his vehicle or talk your way into the convoy leaving the city. Kill the Architect and you get more points, everyone in the convoy counts for your multiplier. 

Why would anyone go in the convoy, wouldn't you want the multiplier?

No, they're safe points. There's only one Architect. He's hard to kill.

Then why don't we go in the convoy?

Amazon says nothing, looks in the guy's eyes, squints a little.

Because I want you to win.







