# 98

first day of autumn. spent all summer writing in these books. two months in this one. seems like a lot but then nothing much at all. don’t even much want to write, what should i write about? dreams that i remember just long enough to draw a picture? some fragmented nonsense bullshit narrative about this or that? something that i know is bullshit even as i write it, and later i know i’ll come back and see just how wrong i was. the “is”, is-ness. nothing is, everything is in motion. like the man said, i never met a noun, only verbs.[^1] but i said i’d do this and i’m still not halfway through. something comes in fits and starts and i don’t want to run the risk of missing anything by not coming here every day and writing and drawing. when it comes through it’s so strong, when it’s gone i’m so empty. fifteen days since the last big dream, twenty-six days since a vision so strong i couldn’t catch even enough to do it justice. guess these things take time and later it won’t seem so distant. but here and now i want it all. i want to make sure whatever is coming through gets translated i have to.

(diagram: four scenes)

the visions that keep coming through.

the hour of reckoning, the bombs, the fire. the ships, the carrier, the fighter. the mother-ship, the traveler wrecked on some world.the valley. an infinite variation of life and death and good times and bad. the ancient city under siege. the later city all ruins or still alive. it loops. like looking at the same feed again and again and never quite getting it all at once. but these things i keep seeing. maybe eventually i’ll get it all.

[^1]:	robert anton wilson in something