### 07

real life is a simulation.

again i descend into darkness, just like the old days. wandering through a dream forest, rocky, treacherous. once it was someone else’s choice, once it was my choice. walking, always walking. detecting nothing. i am no detective. this case remains unsolved.

no contact with another living soul for days. the forest swallows up all noise except its own. we are all but fragile monkeys and mother nature alone holds the keys to our salvation or destruction.

too corny? is the isolation getting to me? let’s try again.

the case remains unsolved. floating out here for days. darkness beyond. pale lights on controls, dimly illuminating surfaces. outside, faint specks. my focus is much nearer, they remain distant and blobby and meaningless.

what has my self imposed isolation taught me? this case requires special handling. at least, that’s what i tell myself. but much work is required. so why am i floating out here? why indeed. but let’s not get distracted. recount the facts. where to begin?

again the forest stretches out before me. a familiar tingling in my fingertips, a pain behind my eyes. no, i’m standing next to a mound of dirt. was there dirt? a shovel. a woman. some grandiose childlike words. work. feels good to work. to sweat, to wake before the sun. no, the forest is thick, its dense carpet slows my feet. i don’t have a shovel. do i?

the stars twirl lazily through the sky. i don’t know how fast, i didn’t tune my rotation to any exact set of parameters. just a little too slow to see if you stare directly at them, just fast enough to mark the passage of time. they become the forest.

there’s an exit somewhere. i look for it. i know it’s in my head, doesn’t matter. i look anyway. the maze is one of my own consciousness. i’ve unraveled plenty of tangled knots before, i’m well versed in their construction. that works both for and against me.

why did i take this case? it wasn’t assigned to me. no one called me up and offered a retainer to track this thing down. again, we return to the question…

why?

it was between cases. i was bored, cruising around the settlement. i didn’t have the cash to buy fuel so i had to stick with solar. it wears out quicker and takes time to recharge. so i stayed close to home, went nowhere i couldn’t limp back from.

it was just tugging at me. there wasn’t another problem to divert me, so it became the problem. i don’t really remember any other details. now i just know i’m not living in that time anymore, so i know that focusing on this case must have cost me something.

eventually i’ll come up for air and learn its price. until then… the stars drift across the sky. i feel my body, alternately puffy and taut. close and then distant. my mind moves in and out of clarity. i probe bite wounds on the inside of my cheeks, wonder when they happened. i feel myself slowly degrading, succumbing to entropy.

the forest stretches out before me. tangled, rocky, grasping scratching rough gray brown, black, blue, green dusty itchy cough sneeze tears cry crawl climb sag ache, succumb.

something at the top of the hill? can it ever be reached?

i wonder if the exit is death. that idea bothers me. this case must be solvable… soluble… elusive but not indelible. a way to understand the maze without being claimed by it.

or is the answer just _outside_? outside is not necessarily death. i believe i may have seen it before, perhaps even lived there. if it is death i don’t wish to hasten toward it.

some days in desperation i question that decision, but time and again it holds up. so i sit down in the middle of the maze and try to gather enough information to solve the case from here.

the forest stretches out before me. the stars roll, flicker, vanish. i left music running, a cello rises from the murky sea of my collection. it somehow mirrors the motion of the stars, swirling out of sight only to be replaced by more. so confident.

slowly the battery ticks down. the red light blinks ever faster. i’m in shadow, where no one will find me, not even myself. eventually i’ll have to move back into the sun, open the sails, gather energy.

then what? return to civilization? again hang up my shingle, take new cases? is that even possible anymore? what was it that old author said… i have looked into the abyss, and it looked back. who said that? out of the sun, offline, disconnected, remote. the answer won’t find me here.

maybe that’s the problem.

once, back in those in between days i was out in open space between bridges. not going anywhere in particular, just a zero g fish in a bowl, doing lap. sweeping down, neatly tagging the rings with casual familiar precision. coming close to the rocks.

the ship felt good that day. we felt good. no aches, no forest. we surfed a charged edge of potential, watching the universe synchronize and syncopate and pulse and beat and flow. it led the way, all we had to do was follow it.

but you can’t run forever, even on a full charge. i had to stop, but the universe kept right on going. the stars keep falling. always falling. they’re falling too fast to chase.

so i am still. i wait, i watch. observe, detect. i don’t know if someone else is pulling the strings or if i’m dealing with heartless but not random sensibilities of nature.

i understand so little. the forest stretches out before me. sometimes i see another person. i glide past them, lost in my own white noise. just in case they’re telepathic, i try to think nice thoughts at them. they never talk back, but i hope they hear me. probably not, they have their own noise. their own cases to solve.

so i wait.