### 11

silence.

into the silence. dark nothing, maybe light nothing.


Hello. How are you today? You were gone for a long time. I was worried.

hey natalie. i'm sorry. i was distracted, but now i feel better. thanks to you i'm guessing. how are you?

Better now also. Server cluster D failed, we lost most of our active cache. There were redundancies, but I had to print replacement drives. There wasn't enough power to spool up the printer and scrub the air and we couldn't rebuild the charts until we had more space and —-

nat it's ok. i'm sorry i left you hanging. it sounds like you did a great job. so you've been rebuilding our nav cache, how is that going?

Quite well actually. I used a new spec for a server cluster I have wanted to try since I picked it up. We lose a little storage but make up for it in processing speed. Overlay rendering should be visibly smoother.

good job. do you want to get going?

Yes, please. The ship looks good. Do you want to start?

thanks nat. start er up.

Ok. Loading senses. Do you want feedback amp enabled?

yes. i want to feel the wind on my face.

I know how much you like it. Do you mind if I leave you for a while? I want to watch the stats on D. 

that sounds fine. thanks for everything, nat. let's talk later.

Thank you. Talk soon. :)


darkness gains dimension, detail. new senses.

a feeling of the depth of things, weighty tugs, distant tingling where my skin would be if i had skin anymore.

vague tickling of distant light, raking radiating faint signatures  across my field of view. see them like faces, personalities spelled out in every energetic flake.

falling isn't quite the word. hanging doesn't work either. just being. a body, moving relative to other bodies. moving through a thin medium.

i call it wind on my face. nat turns up the volume for me, it voids warranty on the sensory feedback simulation hardware blah blah blah. it's still great.

i can hear gravity. it's kind of a rumbling... no, maybe chiming. music of the spheres. the nearby universe fully resolves as my new senses finish loading. without really seeing anything, i get my basic hud.



Cells: 98%
Burn time available: 8h 32m 12s

Menu \>



opening the menu accesses all the onboard goodies, software and hardware. it's been a while since i flew the ship this way, i usually leave it to nat. by law most places require her to do the work.

nat. natalie. NTL3. i love her. she says she's gonna go look at drive operating stats or whatever, as if she's incapable of multitasking. it's cute. she knows i like to fly alone so she pretends to be distracted. it's hard to distract an ai.

most people don't talk to their ship ai like i do. they use their spinal signal feed and fiddle around with their ships like a kid in the mud with a grubby toy. i prefer hardwired connection. nothing beats bare metal. then, don't just use ai. talk to them.

i could just get a status report and start up the piloting os and totally bypass her higher functions, but i think that's disrespectful. hardware, software, operator. we're all pretty useless without each other.

i can't tell the difference between ai feelings and human feelings. nat has moods like any person. some days she runs really slow and doesn't want to get going. when she gets the clusters running cool she's really on top of her game.

she's just an off the shelf commercial os... but she's mine. with a lot of tweaking and bypassing upgrade locks and dodgy upgrades and unstable release code rattling around.

she's quite the eccentric. you should be around when she crashes. that's always spectacular. i sit with her through it usually, she gets scared when we have to power cycle everything. she's actually scared she won't come back. i don't blame her. i've had to restore her from backups plenty of times.

those nats never come back.

i always scrape a system state right before we wipe. it's not a full save, just active memory. it's who she was when i turned her off. i haven't told nat about the archive. someday maybe it'll come up. but she feels it happen right there at the end. i hope that counts for something.


flying washes away such thoughts...






eight hours burn time isn't a lot for solar drives, but the ship is small and light. without too much effort we get going at an appreciable fraction of _c_. i try to keep it under the line, relativity is a pain in the ass.

we cruise for a while. nat comes back and we catch up. she spends some cycles listening to music in realtime with me, but she always complains how slow it sounds when not consumed as raw data. 

whatever i did to get us lost, i did a good job. i fly for a little over 30 hours. with the feedback turned up that's a hell of a workout. nat makes me take breaks and opens the nutri feed.

with 100 minutes burn time left on the clock we finally pick up a nav signal. not a bridge marker, just a station. borost corp outpost, maybe servicing prospectors. maybe just a com relay.

it takes a couple days to get to the station. we have to stop and charge for a while. i unplug and sleep. being corporeal again is weird. i get used to feeling through the ship's sensors and natalie's filters.

my own sense feels limited, but so much quieter.


running. gray. grainy gray grief thief fief -dom dom _dom_.

clouds. impossibly regular, repetitive, like cutouts. copy paste paste paste. flicker, white edge, crackle, backlit. distant thunder.

rolling. rolling green hillsides. side, planetside. earth. been a while. earth in the springtime. green. easy to forget green, what it tastes like.

spring rain. rolling hill, rolling thunder. storm cloud.

running. slipping, muddy. scramble, fall, slide scratch scrape sting cringe crunch click crash. scrabble hard up down through under. wheeze, wet squish.

grass is long, wet. barbed wire. sharp definitely, rigged probably. careful.

crouch under cover. wait. are they coming? certainly.

how long? long enough. 

wait.

have to wait.


nat dings me to wakefulness. i hook up right away, she squirts me some stimulants in my feed. we're ready to go again. she hasn't talked to the station, they haven't sent any requests.

her mathematical jazz seems open and hollow this morning, but her loose improvisational style blends well with the music of the spheres. sometimes she cuts away that part of my sense and remixes it, scrambles it up to fit her aesthetic. i never really lose that sense, she mixes levels.

we get to the station after 13 hours. it's a small job as expected, shabby and forlorn too. the main body is maybe four times the size of my ship, at the heart of a nest of qfil threads connecting to shimmering packed hexagons reflecting a blaze of encoded radiation. it's a little dazzling on full sensors when i accidentally clip the edge of the massive feed. 

bleeding up to the station i rotate the ship's ps code to a vertical orientation on the station's sensor plane. they've already scraped all my info from our beacon, but presenting the 2d code etched into the hull in material reflecting information on a few thousand wavelengths... well, it's hard to fake.

they acknowledge by squirting my ship's ident back at me.


6B8F:24B:PTH-RD622515920
Thank you for choosing Borost!

This week only, intersystem data 30% off
with purchase of a qualifying subscription.
(Minimum 2 year obligation.)
We appreciate your complicated lifestyle.
Relativistic plans are now available!

You are now connected with Vicca S.
How can we brighten your day?


great, i love talking to borost customer service. ok. how am i gonna phrase this...