### 12

i need to describe where i am to you.

you need to know about my environment so you can imagine it. if you needed to find it, maybe i’d give you enough to go on. if you needed to get here in a hurry maybe i can drop hints and hope you understand my codes. we really should have worked something out ahead of time, now we have to improvise.

it always goes like that.

so, where am i? well… it’s dark. um. there’s a kind of charged feeling in the air, humidity maybe? slightly acidic and aromatic, a little stale but not unpleasant. this probably isn’t helping you. dark, humid, supports life.

right.

when i close my eyes i feel like i’m not here. i open them and i resolve into something i don’t expect. like when you wake up expecting to be somewhere else. that little bit of confusion when things shift and come into focus. makes it hard to concentrate.

i feel like i was somewhere else. a ship? some sort of conveyance. white, shiny. or was it gray? something round and dark. a nose, a wheel? hard to tell. a seat, yes. there was a seat. and a voice… female? familiar, friendly. i should be there. instead i’m here.

here.

drifting, drifting on the currents. drifting into view, just out of range. wide arc, dug back in your seat, crushing into your chest. rush… calm. you have only one chance, but if you screw it up you’ll have other problems. doesn’t matter, you’re 100% on this one, you don’t have time for any thoughts.

closing in, the computer tells you you’re there but you already know. squeeze. perfect use of energy, nothing wasted. flattening out, first easy breath. it’s gone, an expanding spray of energetic particles.

don’t think about that part too hard.

wait, where am i? this place again. i was here before. i think… they took me out? i went somewhere. was that me, or something i remember from somewhere else? some vid i watched once maybe. the screaming prisoner / inmate. am i one of those things?

i have to get information out of here. a word, a message, anything. someone has to know i’m here. to know where here is.

should i…? no.

a lullaby. safe crooning soothes the heart. sleep. there the confusion goes away. there i can be somewhere else. for now that will have to do. i’ll wait.

and hope you got my message.